c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\bin\Debug\LabProject.exe.config
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\bin\Debug\LabProject.exe
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\bin\Debug\LabProject.pdb
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.AddStudent.resources
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.DetailStudent.resources
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.Form1.resources
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.exe
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.pdb
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.UpdateStudent.resources
c:\users\aquariux\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.ViewStudent.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.AddClo.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.DetailCLO.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.UpdateClo.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.ViewClocs.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.AddRub.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.RubDetail.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.UpdateRub.resources
C:\Users\AquariuX\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\LabProject\LabProject\obj\Debug\LabProject.ViewRub.resources
